The founding team of Internshala comes from data science background and are very excited at the opportunity of engaging the community of fellow scientists through this contest. We sincerely hope you like the challenge and discover solutions that helps them in providing a better User Experience and gets them closer to their mission of a culture of meaningful internships.
 
 
 
About the problem
In this problem, we have provided information about various internships posted on Internshala. This includes various attributes about the internships like location, duration, start_date of internship etc. We have also provided information about the students who have applied for the internship. These include type_of_institute, current_year, academic performance of the student etc. Any student is free to apply for any internship on the portal.
 
While employers get high response to their posting, it is difficult to go through a high number of applications for the employers. They might need to go through high number of applications to shortlist the most relevant candidates. Hence an intelligent matching algorithm can help our users get better experience and enhance chances ofmeaningful profile matches.
 
 
Description of the files
Internship.csv includes the details of all the internships posted on Internshala. These details are filled by the company floating the Internship. Each row represents one internship.
Student.csv includes details of the students applying for the internship. These details have been filled by the student. Each row represents an experience of the student. In case the student has not filled any experience, there would be only one row containing details of student.
test.csv & train.csv include the application details (as applied by student) and the shortlist outcome
Data Set
Evaluation Metrics
The evaluation metrics is ROC 
For more information, Check Here 

To resolve the problem with earliest_start_date, open the file in excel/ Libre Office Calc , select the date and press ( Shift + ctrl + 3 ) and this will resolve your date issue.